Upated BOPIS Documentation (#1371)
hotwax/oms-documentation: documents/store-operations/bopis/order-details-page/README.md

On clicking on any order card in the `Open`, `Packed` or `Completed` tab, users will be directed to the order details page. The order details page displays key details of an order and also enables store associates to perform the certain functions.

### Item Details

> At the top of the Order Details page, this section displays the order name and order ID. It lists all items in order, along with their product image, primary, and secondary identifiers. If an item is part of a kit, a "KIT" tag is shown next to the item name. Each item has two icons: a box icon that shows the quantity on hand and a bin icon to reject the item. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the top of the Order Details page, this section displays the order name and order ID. It lists all items in order, along with their product image, primary, and secondary identifiers. If an item is part of a kit, a "KIT" tag is shown next to the item name. Each item has two buttons: a cube that shows the quantity on hand and a reject button. 
```

> The action buttons shown depend on the order status. When the order is in Open status, buttons like Ready for Pickup and Reject Items are available. After the order is marked Ready for Pickup, these buttons change to Cancel Item and Handover. If the order is marked as Ready for Pickup, the only action available is to cancel it. If an item is damaged or out of stock, it should be rejected before packing. After packing, the order is marked Ready for Pickup, and an email is sent to the customer. So, unpacking or rejecting is not allowed at this stage.

Reviewer: Don't use words "Like" if you know the exact button being displayed.
After ready for pickup, the only option is to cancel an order?

Overall this is way too wordy. Simplify it and make it easier for people to find what they're trying to read.

> Selecting Cancel Item opens a pop-up displaying a list of cancellation reasons. When an item is cancelled, an email is sent to the customer. If items are rejected, a notification email is also sent, and the order may be re-routed. For more information, refer to the Order Re-Routing App User Manual. 

Reviewer: I don't think any button is labeled "Cancel Item"

Reviewer: You have mixed cancel and reject into the same sentence. Ideas need to be logically grouped for the reader to consume them

Below this section, the cancelation sync job status is shown. The behavior of cancelation and refund depends on the following settings:

- If both the cancelation sync job and the shop setting to process refunds on Shopify are enabled, the cancelation and refund will be sent to Shopify.
- If the cancellation sync job is enabled but the Shopify refund setting is disabled, only the cancellation will be sent to Shopify.

> - If the cancellation sync job is disabled, the cancellation will not be sent to Shopify, even if the Shopify refund setting is enabled.

Reviewer: will the refund still be synced though? what if both are disabled?
